Migrate serialization test from boost to catch (#2684)
mlpack/mlpack: src/mlpack/tests/README.md

# mlpack Tests

This directory contains code and data used to test all the algorithms and functions implemented in mlpack.

## Test Directories Structure

- *_test.cpp - methods tests
- main_tests/*_test.cpp - binding tests
- data - data needed to run the tests

## Add tests 

> We have a rich test suite, consisting of almost 2000 test and still counting. So it is suggested to add tests when:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have a rich test suite, consisting of almost 2000 tests (and still counting). It is suggested to add tests when:
```

- Adding new functionality.
- Fixing regressions and bugs.

## Building Tests

To build the test suite you can simply run `make mlpack_test`.

## To run Tests

> We use `Catch2` to write our tests, to run all tests, you can simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use `Catch2` to write our tests. To run all tests, you can simply run:
```

`./bin/mlpack_test`

> Also to run all tests in a particular file you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run all tests in a particular file you can run:
```

> # Mlpack Tests

Reviewer 2: Let's be consistent and use `mlpack` everywhere.

> This directory contains code and data used to test all the algorthims and function implemented in mlpack.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This directory contains code and data used to test all the algorithms and functions implemented in mlpack.
```

## Test Directories Structure

> - *_test.cpp - All the test realted to algorthims
> - main_tests/*_test.cpp - All binding realted test
> - data - Data needed to run the test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *_test.cpp - methods tests
- main_tests/*_test.cpp - binding tests
- data - data needed to run the tests
```

Simplification?

## Add tests 

We have a rich test suite, consisting of almost 2000 test and still counting. So it is suggested to add tests when:

- Adding new functionality.
- Fixing regressions and bugs.

> ## Building Test

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Building Tests
```

> To build test you can simply run `make mlpack_test`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To build the test suite you can simply run `make mlpack_test`.
```

> ## To run Test 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## To run Tests
```

> We use `Catch2` to write our test and to run the test, you can simply run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We use `Catch2` to write our tests, to run all tests, you can simply run:
```

> ` ./bin/mlpack_test`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`./bin/mlpack_test`
```

Remove extra space.

> Also to run all the test in a particular file you can issue a command as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Also to run all tests in a particular file you can run:
```

`./bin/mlpack_test "[testname]"`

> for example to run all the test which is in `cv_test.cpp` file you can issue a command as

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where `testname` is the name of the test suite. For example to run all
collaborative filtering tests implemented in `cv_test.cpp` you can run:
```

Just a suggestion.

`./bin/mlpack_test "[CVTest]"`

> Now similary you can run all the binding related test as 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Now similarly you can run all the binding related tests using:
```

Minor spelling fix.

`./bin/mlpack_test "[BindingTests]"`

> 
> To run a single test you can explicitly give the name of the test, for example to run
> `BinaryClassificationMetricsTest` present in `cv_test.cpp` file you can run the following
> command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

To run a single test, you can explicitly provide the name of the test, for example, to run
`BinaryClassificationMetricsTest` implemented in `cv_test.cpp` you can run the following:
```

`./bin/mlpack_test BinaryClassificationMetricsTest`

> Catch2 also allows very other command which you can view using:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Catch2 provides many other features like filter, checkout the [Catch2 reference section](docs/Readme.md#top) - for more details.
```

With that, I would delete the section below.
